Okay,
let's learn how to enter data into excel.
We have two ways of doing this Primarily,
we can neither enter the text directly into the cell or we can enter the text into the
formula bar.
We're going to cover both options here on.
Firstly,
we're gonna select cell a one by left clicking it on.
We were just begin typing on a keyboard,
the title ever worksheet,
and we're gonna call it my fruit and veg shop again.
So my fruits,
Andi lips veg shop,
they go Now you may have noticed that the same text is also appearing in the formula bar as
we're typing it.
So if I just show you there and just randomly tope start type in some more techs,
you can see that it's also appearing in the former about the same time when we're happy
with what we've typed just here.
Enter on your keyboard and they go,
The data is in there.
Okay,
so that's how you enter data into a cell.
Let's delete that on re do the same thing again.
But using the formula bar,
we're again,
we're gonna have cell a one selected by left clicking on it but this time going to come up
to the formula bar,
you can see the tool tip there has told us what that were in the formula bar left click
till we get the flashing cursor on and type again my fruits and venture up and you can see
that it also started filling in cell a one as we were typing in the formula Bar highlighted
just there again.
When we're happy,
press enter.
And there you go.
Very simple.
That's how you enter text into excel.